c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll.config
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.pdb
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.Resources.resources
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.dll
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.xml
c:\users\nazev2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.pdb
